Features of GPI:
1. Build an app to connect to all the Galshan phones:
    1. Show all existing phones in the app (If API was added to the app by user).
    2. Access permission to retrieve data from the Galshan App and the phone itself 
       from each phone which exist or new phone with a Galshan app.   

2. Build a database to access and retrieve all the parameters of the Galshans app function and specific elements which are important for anaylizing the Galshans system.
   *From the phone access:
   1. Battery Life
   2. Temperature
   3. Time - (Real-Time)
   4. Date
   5. API (PhoneID)
   *From Galshan App:
        1. If the app isn't functioning:
           Notify all third-party devices who are connected to the Galshan phones.
        2. If there are Galshan phones which their battery is almost empty:
           Notify all third-party devices who are connected to the Galshan phones, when the phone is at 10%.

3. Server: 
   1. The server will have all the Galshan phones listed in the home screen of the app. 
   2. It will have a "+" icon to add any phone which is operated with the Galshan app.
   3. When wanting to connect to the app, there'll be a password requirement for security 
      and leave unwanted users away from knowing about the Galshan phones data.
   4. After successfully logging in to the Galshan app of one of the phones there will be the following features:
        1. By default, it will track and show the data from the phone in real time.
        2. At the top right of the screen, three dots are displayed as an icon, 
           having access to search for info. at a specific date.
   5. Each date or time will have its own data based on the data received from the Galshan phone on that time.
   6. (Optional) Next to each time period: Day, Week, Month, Year; will have an option to open a graph for specific parameters.

   ______________
   GPI (Galshan Phone Info.) Architecture System:

   1. On home screen of the S24+, the GPI app button control will appear.

   2. Tapping on the button control of GPI, will open a screen where it will ask to create an account or login to phone user's personal account for authorization.  

   3. Each user will have access to add & connect to the Galshan system info (GSI) depending on the API of the Galshan. 

   4. When added safely to the users account, they'll have access to connect to them anytime they wish.

   5. When connected to the GSI, by default, the each GSI connected will show the Battery Life & Temperature of the Galshans.

   6. Tapping on one of the Galshans will open a live stream of real-time data (by default), presenting the following the parameters written in section 2 of "From the phone access" under "Features of GPI".

   7. In addition, mentioning section 6 above, there will be
   
      7.1. An Icon shown as "..." (vertically) to change the time for any case necessary. 
      7.2. It could be ranged to whatever time needed. 
      7.3. Option to plot the ranged input to the following parameters written in section 2 of "From the phone access" under "Features of GPI" (API not included).
      7.4. Option to plot real-time info buy pressing the RTP (Real-Time Plot) button.

   
